---
layout: post
title: 1-2) Boarding & Takeoff
---

This recording is cool and should be used somewhere, but where?!!!!??!?!?!  

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/liftoff-song.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

## Takeoff music early draft:

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/boarding-takeoff-mix1.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

Good evening folks. Tonight I am your captain. You can call me Captain Jared Gay. Myself, along with the crew you see here beside me, will be taking you beyond the limits of our known galaxy. And tonight - you are also part of the crew. So who here is ready to go to space?  

First things first - this is a science vessel. We are explorers. The whole point of this trip is to discover new life, study it, and hopefully learn something about ourselves in the process.  

What you just heard are the engines preparing to blast us off the Earth.

Is everyone safely fastened? Is everyone prepared to leave the planet? Is everyone prepared to leave their jobs and families outside those doors? Is everyone prepared for outer space????

Well let's go then. Welcome to the ship. Prepare for liftoff.


## Takeoff lyrics

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/takeoff-lyrics.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

-Riff-
Look out your window  
say goodbye  
You're passing quickly through the night  

Goodbye to lovers  
Oh, there's no cure  
You're already miles from the Earth  
C-F-G  

G-C (back and forth)  
Vibrating like a tuning fork  
Your body shakes back and forth  
Blasting off the fuel combusts  
The pressure has you nearly crushed  

CHORUS
Bm-C-C#m (repeat)  
What did I sign up for?  
What does our future hold?  
The only thing I know right now  
It's getting c-c-c-c-c-cold  

Hurling off to the only place left  
That we've never seen  
Just have the crudest guess  
What it's gonna be  

Is life out there?  
Are we going to find it?  
Are we just crashing a party  
When we weren't invited?  

Vibrating like a tuning fork  
Your body shakes back and forth  
Blasting off the fuel combusts  
I've got my doubts, I've got my trust.  

Whatever lies ahead  
Our newest beginning  
Nothing will be quite the same  
Will something  be ending?  

Em-Em(drop)-G(d-shape)-A-Am-G-C-G
No oxygen  
No sound at all  
Just darkness  
And endless stars  

Em-Em(drop)-G(d-shape)-A-Am-G-C-G-A-G-C
No gravity  
No atmosphere  
Just our crew and the night  
And a hope, and a hope  
To find some light  