---
layout: post
title: Kyle
---
Tabs for you!  

# Takeoff chords

-Riff-
Look out your window  
say goodbye  
You're passing quickly through the night  

Goodbye to lovers  
Oh, there's no cure  
You're already miles from the Earth  
C-F-G  

G-C (back and forth)  
Vibrating like a tuning fork  
Your body shakes back and forth  
Blasting off the fuel combusts  
The pressure has you nearly crushed  

CHORUS
Bm-C-C#m (repeat)  
What did I sign up for?  
What does our future hold?  
The only thing I know right now  
It's getting c-c-c-c-c-cold  

Hurling off to the only place left  
That we've never seen  
Just have the crudest guess  
What it's gonna be  

Is life out there?  
Are we going to find it?  
Are we just crashing a party  
When we weren't invited?  

Vibrating like a tuning fork  
Your body shakes back and forth  
Blasting off the fuel combusts  
I've got my doubts, I've got my trust.  

Whatever lies ahead  
Our newest beginning  
Nothing will be quite the same  
Will something  be ending?  

Em-Em(drop)-G(d-shape)-A-Am-G-C-G
No oxygen  
No sound at all  
Just darkness  
And endless stars  

Em-Em(drop)-G(d-shape)-A-Am-G-C-G-A-G-C
No gravity  
No atmosphere  
Just our crew and the night  
And a hope, and a hope  
To find some light  

# Floating  
A(open-f-shape-)-A(e-shape open)-(007870)-(000433)  
I see the space in front of me  
Through some glass a few feet deep  

Days go by it looks the same  
Each passing star a nameless grain  

I keep a picture within reach  
of my friends and family  
I wonder what they're wondering  
As I float through the spacey deep  

C/G-D/G(c-shape)-B/F#(c-shape)  
Don’t be alarmed  
The space isn’t so far  
Between  
Point A  
And Point B  
I came here to reach beyond our  
Earth and through the stars  
(Dm-C#-C-G-F-G-F) maybe  
We came here to reach beyond our  
Earth and through the stars  

A(open-f-shape-)-A(e-shape open)-(007870)-(000433)  
I won't ever see  
Things the way they used to be  
We're the first to take this leap  
Deep into the galaxy  

A-Dm-F-G
I am wonderin’ what we’ll see  
I hope there’s life out there like me  

# Inconsequential Crewman  


# Warp Speed  

# SVC Theme Song  
<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/svc-theme.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

We are the SVC  
Space Venture Coalition  
Exploring space  
to unify the world   
For we know  
Outer space  
Is beckoning  


So we go  
Yes we seek  
Other life   
Spreading peace  
For we are the SVC

# Captain Song  
Cmaj7-C-C9-6  
Oh endless night  
I try, and I try  
And I cannot  
see any light  

I looked outside  
And saw so much life  
Split from its day  
Forever to its night  

G#-A#-C  
When I was just a boy  
I dreamed of outerspace and I  
guess that I just dreamt too bright  

When I was just a boy  
I dreamed of life in space  
I hoped that I would find others like me  

My greatest dream  
Gone in a blink  
Curious, like us,  
But quickly extinct  

I am afraid  
What was that thing?  
How do we find  
The space queen?  

G#-A#-C  
When I was just a boy  
I dreamed of outerspace and I  
guess I dreamt too bright  

When I was just a boy  
I dreamed of life in space  
I hoped that I would find others like me  

# Matrioshka Brain  
ALL ON SECOND CAPO

(0-7)-(0-5)-(3-5)-(2-0) (verse)
They built a matrioshka brain  
A super computer in space  

(verse)  
Eneveloped all the light and heat  
A heart inside, the sun it beats  

F-G-A (Move all chords two frets up)  
-Whispered -  
Inside. It beats. Inside. It beats.  

If you’ve ever seen the dark  
A brain like this might be parked  

Watching close and processing  
Any inputs, every little thing  

F-G-A-Am  
And this just in,  
One’s coming quick  

F-G-A-Am  
Propelled by  
The heat within  
(f-open – g-open)    

A-G-C-D (chorus)  
It’s coming quick!  
The matrioshka brain  

Came to destroy us  
The matrioshka brain  

And your up next  
The Matrioshka brain  

It’s coming quick!  
The matrioshka brain  

Verse  
We'd heard of things like this before  
Crawling up from outer space’s core  

Some are cruel and some are generous  
This deep space monster came to destroy us  

And we just sat there watching while  
A mega structure filled up our sky  

Helpless  
It destroyed us    

A-G-C-D (chorus)  
It’s coming quick!  
The matrioshka brain  

Came to destroy us 
The matrioshka brain  

And your up next  
The Matrioshka brain  

It’s coming quick!  
The matrioshka brain  

(intro melody)
We need to find the queen  
To save your planet  
She rules the core  
Of the galaxy around us  

I have her coordinates  
I'll take you there  
The brain will follow us  
But don't be scared  

D-F-G-D-F-G-A
The brain will destroy life  
Life that can compete with it  
And you can travel faster than light  
So it is coming for you next  

(verse)  
They built a matrioshka brain  
Some ancient civilization  

Alive and complex just like you and me  
But wanting to control the galaxy  

And we can't float here idly by  
My home, then earth, then all of life  
Need  
The queen  

A-G-F-E (all these chords open and slower)  
Life is a sensitive wonder  
It’s here and then it’s gone  
Heat and chemicals thunder  
We are all products of  
The sun  

A sun can give  
A sun can take  
This one’s bent on  
Earth’s destruction  
This one can’t stand life as bright  
As a sun  
A sun  
And that’s us  

# Space Queen  

# That's Mr. Brain To You  
E-D-C#m  
I'm the brain  
You're all fools  
You don't even know the rules    

But you, you stepped outside  
Welcome, welcome to the skies  

Nice to meet you  
The pleasure is mine  
Here to wipe you  
from space and time  
Sit back  
Enjoy the ride  
Sweet little earthlings  
About to die  

B-D-A-E
Let  
Me tell you  
A little bit about myself  
My story  

There's  
A star inside me
It powers all my
Circuits and memory 

You
Are one of many
To reach the place
Where you might try to kill me

D-A-E  
And I don't wanna die  
I don't wanna die  
I don't wanna die (twice quiet)  

Could be today  
Or a thousand years  
Light speed travelers  
Know too much fear  

And I don't wanna die  
I don't wanna die  
I don't wanna die (twice)  


# Final Battle

# Outro  

EVERYTHING BELOW HERE IS AN OLD PAGE I MADE FOR YOU.  


Hey Kyle, Here are the pertinent tracks right now with a lil bit of info for you.  

1 - The takeoff song has the bass turned up for your listening and learning pleasure.  

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/takeoff-bass.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

2 - The Matrioshka Brain track isn't short, but all the parts are there. It's definitely subject to some minor change, but I think it's the best current iteration. I also imagine this being sung by a girl who is pissed and full of rage and terror because her planet was just destroyed.  

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/m-brain-long-solo.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

3 - Here's a practice version of the floating song. It needs some work with transitions and flow, but all the parts are here.  

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/floating-band1.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

Bonus - Takeoff practice track! Love this recording. Especially Tom's keys when we first come in on "Vibrating like a tuning fork!" And then Andy is just always nailing it on drums.  

<audio controls>
<source src="{{ site.baseurl }}/audio/liftoff-band1.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>